refactor(curriculum): recursion quiz questions (#58488)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-recursion/66edd43cded6bff30944b676.md

#### --text--

> How many times will the function call itself?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How many times will the `mystery` function be called?
```
I agree with Tom. It should be clear that the initial call is included in the count.

#### --text--

Which of the following is true about recursion?

#### --distractors--

It should never have a base case.

---

It should only be used for the fibonacci sequence. 

---

It should only be used for factorials.

#### --answer--

It should always have a base case.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following options would be an appropriate base case for the following example?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following options would be an appropriate base case for the given example?
```
